Update managed_archive.md with note about session replays (#38766)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/managed_archive.md

After you enable Managed Archive, all ingested sessions (excluding Synthetic Monitoring sessions) are stored automatically for the configured storage period. These sessions are accessible in a dedicated {{< ui >}}Managed Archive{{< /ui >}} UI, separate from the [RUM Explorer][2].

> <div class="alert alert-info">Session Replays from these sessions will follow their own <a href="/data_security/data_retention_periods/">data retention periods</a> (30 days by default, 15 months with <a href="/session_replay/playlists/#keeping-replays-in-a-playlist-for-longer-than-the-default-30-day-session-replay-retention-period">extended retention</a>).</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">Session Replays from these sessions follow their own <a href="/data_security/data_retention_periods/">data retention periods</a> (30 days by default, and up to 15 months with <a href="/session_replay/playlists/#keeping-replays-in-a-playlist-for-longer-than-the-default-30-day-session-replay-retention-period">extended retention</a>).</div>
```

> <div class="alert alert-info">Session Replays from these sessions will follow their own <a href="/data_security/data_retention_periods/">data retention periods</a> (30 days by default, 15 months with <a href="/session_replay/playlists/#keeping-replays-in-a-playlist-for-longer-than-the-default-30-day-session-replay-retention-period">extended retention</a>).</div>

Reviewer: @julinvictus Thoughts on linking "extended retention" directly to here: https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/julinvictus/add-note-about-session-replays/session_replay/#extend-data-retention ??
